Remove docs which are redundant to Learn guides (#1376)
astronomer/docs: learn/deferrable-operators.md

- Resiliency against restarts: Triggers are stateless by design. This means your deferred tasks are not set to a failure state if a triggerer needs to be restarted due to a deployment or infrastructure issue. When a triggerer is back up and running in your environment, your deferred tasks will resume.
- Gateway to event-based DAGs: The presence of `asyncio` in core Airflow is a potential foundation for event-triggered DAGs.

Some additional notes about using deferrable operators:

- If you want to replace non-deferrable operators in an existing project with deferrable operators, Astronomer recommends importing the deferrable operator class as its non-deferrable class name. If you don't include this part of the import statement, you need to replace all instances of non-deferrable operators in your DAGs. In the above example, that would require replacing all instances of `TimeSensor` with `TimeSensorAsync`.
- Currently, not all operators have a deferrable version. There are a few open source deferrable operators, plus additional operators designed and maintained by Astronomer.

> - If you're interested in the deferrable version of an operator that is not generally available, you can write your own and contribute these to the open source project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you're interested in the deferrable version of an operator that is not generally available, you can write your own and contribute it back to the open source project. 
```
